hello there hello there hanging
out in the forest garden being
cool home standards so when I
first came here I had this idea
of looking at pictures and books
of what my homestead was going
to look like pictures that were
taken and very different
landscapes than Western North
Carolina and sit well it looks
this way in the book it should
look this way here right and
that's not at all the case the
land already has momentum
ok the land already has a
direction that it's headed in
right so you can learn what the
land is up to by just looking
and listening and smelling and
tasting so when I showed up here
as I was clearing I was noticing
a lot of pine trees so from that
I i figured that know that I can
grow pine nuts
there's also American Hazel's
growing here which don't make
too much food so we replace
those with European Hazel's ok
so if you intend on getting some
land and growing some food
don't have an idea of what the
land is supposed to be doing
look at what it is doing and
just help it to do that better
so ask what you can do to help
the land out to do a better job
of producing food
instead of demanding that it
does something for you that
might help
I